Add a known issue to v170 (#966)
harvester/docs: docs/upgrade/v1-6-x-to-v1-7-x.md

:::

Related issues: [#9815](https://github.com/harvester/harvester/issues/9815) and [#9802](https://github.com/harvester/harvester/issues/9802)

### 4. After upgrade from to v1.7.x, Running VM show message "Restart action is required ..."

> After upgrade, the Harvester UI might show message like `"Restart action is required ..."`, Kubevirt adds a field to the vm definition implicitly during the upgrade.

Reviewer: ````suggestion
### 4. Restart Required for Running Virtual Machines

After the upgrade, the Harvester UI may show the message `"Restart action is required ..."` for running virtual machines. This occurs because KubeVirt adds the following field to the virtual machine definition during the upgrade.

```yaml
spec:
  template:
    spec:
      domain:
          firmware:
            uuid: <VALUE>
```
````
